thunderstorm (cl6#2.asc)

Items
=====
                            cyclone    3
                     electric storm    1
                   electrical storm    2
                        electricity    1
                          flagstorm    1
                        heavy storm    1
                          hurricane    2
                    lightning storm    1
                                 NR    7
                             severe    1
                             squall    4
                              storm   12
                             storms    1
                             stormy    3
                            thunder    1
                       thunder gust    2
              thunder roll two time    1
                      thunder storm    1
                       thundercloud    8
                      thundershower    4
                     thundershowers    2
                      thundersquall    8
             thundersquall or storm    1
                       thunderstorm   32
                            tornado    3
                           tornados    1
                         wind storm    2
                          


L:  If there is thunder and lightning with it, you are having a ____.
M:  Then suppose there is a lot of lightning popping and so forth, along with your wind and rain, you'd say, "We had a ____.¢

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:
	
These are terms for an electrical storm, usually but not always accompanied by rain, with or without a high wind.  All the compounds have initial stress, with a strong secondary stress on the second member.  The simplex "squall" was offered as a near-synonym of both "heavy rain" and "thunderstorm", variously defined or without definition.  

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Johnson:
	
As noted above, "squall" is a problem here.  The file for "heavy rain", 6#1, overlaps with this one, semantically and on the field record page.  Names for storms where wind is the dominant feature (rather than rain or lightning) could logically go with either, but they have routinely been included here.  "Squall" is usually in this category, though we have tried to keep in 6#1 the instances of it that were recorded as though synonymous with "heavy rain."  Since so many names for storms involving mostly wind, but possibly also thunder and lightning, are recorded here, they are not considered inappropriate.
	
	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 6#2, only marginalia is inappropriate.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 6 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
6#P
6#P		6#5
6#1		6#1
6#2		6#2
6#3		6#3
		6#4 (no question)
6#4		
6#5a		
6#5b
6#6a
6#6b
6#7		
6#8		6#6
6#9		6#7