faucet (cl18#6.asc)

Items
=====
                              burst    2
                             faucet   44
                            hydrant    4
                             landed    1
                                 NR   10
                           pet cock    1
                             picket    4
                            spicket   22
                             spigot    2
                              spout    2
                           spricket    1
                                tap    2
                     water spricket    1




L: What do you turn on at the water pipe of the kitchen sink?
M: What terms would you use for other things like that out in the yard where 	you attach the garden hose or where the fireman could hitch a fire hose?
P: When you worked in the field and they brought water out in a cart or 	wagon, what was that container called?  Did it have something you could turn to get the water to run into your dipper or cup?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

The informants were asked what they called the faucet on the kitchen sink.  Some also gave the name of the faucet on a cider barrel, especially when the two types of faucets have different names.  It should be remembered that many of the homes in the country do not have running water in the house and that for this reason is little occasion to use a term for the faucet.  Some of the peculiar pronunciations and confusions with other words arise from this unfamiliarity with the thing itself.

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 18#6, only marginalia is inappropriate.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 18 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
18#P		19#3
18#P		18#5
18#1		18#1
18#2		18#2
18#3		18#3
18#4		18#4
18#5		18#6
18#6		18#7
18#7		18#8 (19#1 similar)