castrate (cl36#1.asc)

Items
=====
                              alter   11
                          alter him    4
                            altered    2
                        belted them    1
                           castrate    9
                     castrate a man    1
                             change   25
                         change him    2
                                cut   23
                            cut him    3
                              dress    2
                               mark    3
                           mismatch    1
                                 NR    7
                         operate on    1
                     operate on him    1
                          pinch him    1
                               spay    1
                           spay him    1
                             spayed    1
                              splay    2
                               trim    5
                           trim him    1
                       trimmed them    1
                              upset    1




M: Now, if you had a pig and you didn't want him to grow up to be a boar, 	what would you say you are going to do with him?  Would you use the same term for a horse, a calf, or a tom cat?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

"Alter" is common both as a plain and as a polite term.  "Castrate" is  often regarded as a technical term or as a recent expression. "Change" is sometimes restricted to pigs or to horses.  Other terms include "cut," "trim," and "dress."
Some informants, including women or those in the presence of women, used polite terms.  Many informants doubtless offered only polite terms without labeling them as such.  In some instances the field worker preferred not to ask this question of women in order to avoid offense.

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 36#1, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 36 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  			

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
36#1		36#1
36#2		36#2
36#3		36#3
36#4		36#4
36#5
		36#5 (no question)
36#6		36#6
36#7		36#7	
36#8		36#8