rising (cl7#2.asc)

Items
=====
                     blowing harder    1
                         blowing up    1
                           breezing    1
                        breezing up    3
                             coming    1
                          coming up    1
                       getting high    3
                     getting higher    2
          getting higher and higher    2
                      getting rough    1
                   getting stronger    2
                         increasing    3
           it raise a little harder    1
      it's coming up a little storm    1
                          it's high    1
                        kindling up    1
                         moderating    1
                                 NR   16
                         picking up    4
                  pretty heavy wind    1
                            raising    3
                       raising high    1
                             rising   14
                              rough    1
                        she arising    1
                       springing up    1
                 started to blowing    1
                        stirring up    1
                       sure is high    1
the wind blow higher now than this morning    1
             the wind getting heavy    1
            the wind getting higher    1
          the wind getting stronger    1
            the wind going to raise    1
                      the wind gust    1
           the wind is blowing high    1
                the wind is raising    1
           the wind is raising high    1
                 the wind is rising    1
            the wind is rising high    2
                the wind is so high    1
              the wind is very high    1
                 the wind rise high    1
when the wind been blow like it do now, we see wind gust    1


the wind is)

L:  The wind has been very gentle and it is gradually getting stronger;  you'd say it's doing what?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

These are expressions recorded in the sentence "The wind is rising,¢ or in a similar context, referring to an increase in the strength of the wind. Expressions consisting of participle plus adjective or adverb regularly have the main stress on the second word.  "Increasing" is stressed on the second syllable, except as indicated on the map.
	
Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Johnson:
		
McDavid often recorded responses that are not present participles, but these are not considered inappropriate if they are semantically related to the question.   

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 7#2, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 7 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
7#P		7#4
7#1		7#1
7#2		7#2
7#3		7#3
7#4a X		
7#4b		7#5
7#5		7#6
7#6		7#7
7#7		7#8
