night (cl2#6.asc)

Items
=====
                         after dark    1
               after twelve o'clock    1
                          breakfast    1
                               dark    3
                            evening   13
                         first dark    2
                       good evening    3
                         good night    2
                              night   39
                                 NR   18
                            sundown    1

Pronunciations
==============
                                  "    1


/the part of the day after supper/ also includes 3.1:  /do you say good night in meeting?/

M (3.1):  What would you say when you're saying goodbye, when you're leaving someone's house at night?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

These are terms designating the time of day after supper. When both "evening" and "night" appear, these terms refer to the same time of day, though they may differ in social status, in currency, or in connotation.   Precise delineations of the periods denoted by the several terms were seldom recorded. The time after supper, depending largely on the informants' domestic habits, is defined variously as beginning at 5 o'clock, at sunset, or at dark.  The dividing line between "evening" and "night" is put variously at 8 o'clock, at 9 o'clock, at the coming of dark, and at bedtime.
	  
	R. McDavid:

"Goodnight!" as a greeting was included in original SAS-MAS work sheets.  Lowman seems to have dropped it.  McDavid sought both leave taking and greeting in the period after dark.  
	 
Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000): 

	Johnson:
	
"Good afternoon" and "good evening" were elicited by McDavid and formed a short list subsidiary to this one. The contents of that list that were derived from question 2#6 were added to this file.

To remedy the confusion/overlap between worksheet questions 2#4 and 2#6 ("afternoon" and "evening"), in parts of the list manuscript, the file was proofread from the field records, where the separation is fairly clear between responses to the two questions, especially since 2#5 ("good day") comes between them.  If a response at the end of the page specifically states that it applies to the time before supper, it was put into L2#4.  Likewise for something in the fourth position on the page that refers to the time after supper;  it was moved to this file (2#6).  This decision was based on the stated referent of the worksheet question.

"Good afternoon" and "good evening" were elicited by McDavid and formed a short list manuscript subsidiary to this one.  The contents of that list that were derived from question 2#6 were added to this file, as well as the items from list ms 102, from question 3#1, "good night".  "Good night"" as (rarely) elicited by Lowman was meant as a greeting, hence it is comparable to McDavid's recordings of "good evening" for question 2#6.  The preponderance of responses to 3#1 were recorded by McDavid as leave-takings rather than greetings, and thus commentary identifying "good night" as used in parting only were omitted and any unmarked responses collected by Lowman marked as "greeting".  Other leave-taking phrases used at night are also included (e.g. "so long").

The list manuscript was not corrected during proofreading from the field records, so the computer files and list manuscript have discrepancies between them.  In particular, entries for "evening" and "night" have been deleted if they were recorded in the context of greetings, hence appearing in the subsidiary list that has now been included together with the main list.  This avoids duplication.

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 2#6, only marginalia is inappropriate.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 2 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  	

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
2#1a 		2#1a
2#1b 		2#1b
2#2a 		2#1c
2#2b 		2#1d
		2#2 (no question)
		2#3 (no question)
2#3  		2#4
2#4  		2#5
2#5  		2#6
2#6  		2#7
 
