get up! (cl38#1.asc)

Items
=====
                                ***    1
                              click    1
                              cluck   15
                          come down    1
                            come on    1
                            come up   10
                        come up sir    1
                      come up there    1
                          get along    4
                             get up   27
                   get up get along    1
                        get up here    4
                   get up! go ahead    1
                         get up, go    1
                           go along    2
                              go on    1
                          go on now    1
                      go on! go on!    1
                                 NR   15
                              there    1




L: What do you say to a horse to urge him on?  Is that when he is already 	moving or when he is standing still and you are just starting?  Is there any difference?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

"Get up" is a term used to start a horse or to make it go faster. A lateral (l-like) suction sound is common in the Piedmont and is called "clucking" by most of the informants, "clicking" by others.  A bilabial (kiss-like) suction sound is much less common.  It is called a "chirp."

Calls like "come on," "come up," and "go along" have the main stress on the second element unless otherwise indicated.  

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 38#1, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 38 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  				

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
38#1		38#1
38#2		38#2
38#3		38#3
38#4		38#4
38#5		38#5
38#6		38#6
		38#7 (no question)
		38#8