Sunday before last (cl3#6.asc)

Items
=====
                  a week ago Sunday    1
       a week from this past Sunday    1
                        last Sunday    1
             last Sunday a week ago    1
                   last Sunday week    2
                last week Wednesday    1
                                 NR   34
                Saturday a week ago    2
                      Saturday week    2
            Saturdays two weeks ago    1
                  Sunday a week ago    2
                  Sunday afore last    1
                      Sunday before    1
                 Sunday before last   10
                   Sunday fore last    4
                        Sunday gone    1
                  Sunday was a week    1
              Sunday was a week ago    1
                        Sunday week    6


He came)   /record equivalents/

M:  If somebody came on Sunday, the last Sunday, if he came a week earlier than last Sunday, you'd say he came here _____.

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

This expression and its equivalents was recorded in the context "He came Sunday before last." All expression ending in "week" have the main stress on that word. Note that "Sunday a week" is used also in sentences referring to the future. 

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000): 

	Johnson:
		
The referent of the expressions in this file is unclear for McDavid's fieldwork. It may be assumed that Lowman only recorded phrases for the Sunday a week before the previous Sunday, but the proliferation of responses recorded by McDavid, including "last Sunday" and "two weeks ago Sunday," etc., indicate that he recorded any phrase referring to past time without noting its specific referent in most cases.  Thus many responses other than the target response are left as appropriate. 
	
Kurath in his headnote used the spelling "afore".  I have further distinguished variants of "before" by using the spelling "fore" (found in DARE).

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 3#6, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 3 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

No inappropriate responses.

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
		3#1 (no question)
		3#2 (no question)
3#1 X		
3#2		3#3
3#3		3#4
3#4		3#5
		3#6 (no question)
3#5		3#7
3#6		
3#7		4#1
3#8		

	