string beans (cl55A#4.asc)

Items
=====
                              beans    1
                        bunch beans    1
                     cowfield beans    1
                         Ford snaps    1
                       garden beans    1
                        garden peas    1
                        green beans    2
                    Kentucky Wonder    3
                                 NR   39
                        salad beans    1
                          snap bean    3
                         snap beans   10
                              snaps    3
                       string beans   11
                  string them beans    1
                         stringless    1
                    stringless bean    1
                   stringless beans    1
                          valentine    1




M: The kind of beans you eat pod and all.
P: Is that a general terms for all such beans?  What different kinds do you grow?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

Beans grown for the pod, whether the pod is green or yellow, are variously called "string beans," "green beans," "snap beans," or "snaps."  "Snap beans" and "snaps" are current in the greater part of Virginia and the Carolinas, and "string beans" north of the Potomac and in a section of eastern North Carolina.

All compounds are usually stressed on the first element.  When the second element receives a heavier stress than the first, the stress mark has been entered.

A number of less common terms, some of them denoting a special variety of string beans, are present.

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 55A#4, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:
	
		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 55A of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
55A#1		55#7
55A#2		55#8
55A#3		56#1
55A#4
55A#5
55A#6a S	56#2 (similar)
55A#6b	56#2