didn't used to (cg74#5.asc)

Items
=====
                      didn't use to   10
                   didn't use to be    3
            didn't use to be afraid    3
                     didn't used to    1
             He didn't use to do it    1
           He didn't use to do that    1
                    I didn't use to    1
I didn't use to fraid a thing, but I fraid now    1
            I never used to do that    1
                   never used to be    2
                                 NR   14
                   She ain't use to    2
         She ain't use to done that    1
                  she didn't use to    1
                  She didn't use to    4
      She didn't use to be that way    1
    She didn't use to be that-a-way    1
            She didn't use to do it    2
          She didn't use to do that    2
            She didn't use to fraid    1
      She never used to been scared    1
            She never used to do it    1
                            used to    1
                     used to didn't    3
                  used to didn't be    2
          used to didn't be ascared    1
   used to never didn't have to buy    1
                     used to wasn't    1
             used to weren't feared    1
                             wasn't    1
                  weren't use to be    1




M: I don't understand why she's afraid, she _____.  [As last resort] What's the opposite of used to be?

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 74#5, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 74 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
74#1a,b	74#1
74#2
		74#2 (no question)
74#3		74#3
74#4
74#5		74#4
		74#5
74#6		74#6
74#7
		74#7