quarter to eleven (cl4#5.asc)

Items
=====
         fifteen minute fore eleven    1
            fifteen minute of seven    1
         fifteen minute till eleven    1
           fifteen minute to eleven    2
             fifteen minute to five    2
              fifteen minute to two    1
          fifteen minutes to eleven    2
                  fifteen to eleven    1
                    fifteen to four    1
                 five minute to two    1
           five minutes till twelve    1
        forty-five minutes to eight    1
                   I never remember    1
                    nine forty-five    1
                                 NR    9
                  quarter of eleven    4
                     quarter of one    1
                 quarter till eight    1
                quarter till eleven    4
                quarter till twelve    1
                   quarter to eight    1
                  quarter to eleven   29
                    quarter to four    2
                     quarter to ten    1
                   quarter to three    1
                     quarter to two    1
                     six-forty-five    1
                     ten-forty-five    5
            thirty minutes to eight    1
                               till    2
           twenty minutes to eleven    1


/get synonyms and a "quarter"- form/
L:  If it's 10:45, what time do you say it is?
M:  Then if it's about fifteen minutes later than half past ten, you'd say it's about ____.

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:
	
The main stress is usually on the numeral.

	R. McDavid:

Some field workers sometimes recorded with other hours than eleven. 
	
Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 4#5, only marginalia is inappropriate.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 4 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
3#7		4#1
4#P
4#P		4#7
4#1		4#2
4#2		4#3
4#3		4#4
4#4		4#5
4#5		4#6
4#6		4#8
