from the south (cp6#4.asc)

Items
=====
                           eastward    1
                      from the east    2
                     from the north    3
                     from the south   16
                 from the southeast    1
                 from the southwest    1
                      from the west    1
                       in the south    1
                          northeast    1
                          northward    1
                                 NR   34
                              south    2
                     south or north    1
                    to the eastward    1
                   to the southward    6
                           westward    1


the wind's)

M:  If the wind is coming from that direction [point with your hand], you say the wind's ____.

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

These are expressions recorded in the sentence "The wind is from the south." All these phrases have the main stress on the last word.  The phrase "from the south" occasionally has a secondary stress on the preposition.
	 
Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Johnson:

The major aims of this question seem to be two: to record how people express wind direction (varying prepositional and adverbial constructions) and to get the pronunciation of "south".  McDavid focussed on the first and often recorded responses about winds from any point on the compass.  To compensate for the lack of a "south" pronunciation recorded in this context, he then recorded that word in isolation from conversation in presumably other contexts.

The contents of this file reflect this philosophy of recording items for this question.  Any phrase including a pronunciation of "south" is considered an appropriate answer, as well as anything denoting wind direction.

A common pronunciation for the word we have spelled as "southward", though Kurath (see above) spelled as "southard", is /s¸ä´d/.  These cannot be distinguished from the orthography.

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 6#4, only marginalia is inappropriate.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 6 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  
 
Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
6#P
6#P		6#5
6#1		6#1
6#2		6#2
6#3		6#3
		6#4 (no question)
6#4		
6#5a		
6#5b
6#6a
6#6b
6#7		
6#8		6#6
6#9		6#7

