backlog (cl8#5.asc)

Items
=====
                         back chunk    1
                           back log    42
                         back piece    1
                         back stick    6
                          back wood    3
                             chunk    3
                             closet    1
                                log   19
                           log heap    1
                               logs    5
                       logs of wood    1
             long big piece of wood    1
                                 NR    3
                           old wood    1
                              piece    1
                            sapling    1
                              stick    1
                            yulelog    1


/get synonyms and "log"/

M:  The big round piece of wood with the bark on it that you burn in the fireplace.

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Johnson:

This file includes terms for several types of wood pieces:  the large "backlog" (unsplit and burned in a fireplace), smaller "chunks" or "sticks" (split wood for stove), and "chunks" in the sense of end pieces left when the center of a piece of wood burns but not the ends.  These are indistinguishable except for some commentary that offers definitions.  The question for the PSAS had two parts:  a) pronunciation of "log" and b) split wood for stove.  Both are entered into the list manuscript without the (b) identifying mark for the second part which Lowman uses in the field records.

Since the list manuscript includes all these types in the main list rather than the margins, they are all considered appropriate responses in the computer file, although they have different referents.  Also considered appropriate is any phrase containing the morpheme "log".  The only inappropriate items are commentary, especially noting types of wood (e.g. "oak").

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 8#5, "closet" is inappropriate, as is marginalia. 


	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 8 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  
	 
Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
		8#1 (no question)
8#Pa
8#Pb
8#1		8#2a
8#2		8#2b
8#3		
8#4		8#3
		8#4
8#5		8#5
8#6		
8#7		8#6
8#8		8#7
8#9		8#8



