harrow (cl21#7.asc)

Items
=====
                         cultivated    1
                         cultivator    3
                               disc    1
                        disc harrow    1
                        disk harrow    1
                               drag   16
                        drag harrow    1
                       drag harrows    1
                             harrow   60
                       harrow drawn    1
                          harrow it    1
                            harrows    3
                                 NR    5
                             roller    1
                            section    1
                        side cutter    1
                       spring tooth    2
                       teeth harrow    1




M: After you have ploughed, what do you use to break the ground up even 	finer?  What different kinds of harrows do you have?

Notes on target items and data collection procedures:

	Kurath:

Words for three types of implements for working the soil are recorded:
(1) Words for the cutting harrow, frequently used before plowing.
(2) Words for the short-toothed smoothing harrow used in breaking up the clods after plowing.
(3) Words for drags made of planks, logs, or brush, used in smoothing the field before planting.

The simplex "harrow" is applied both to the cutting harrow and the smoothing harrow by many informants.  Those who use "drag" for the smoothing harrow are apt to restrict "harrow" to the cutting harrow; those who use "disk" for the cutting harrow may apply "harrow" only to the smoothing harrow.  The simplex "drag" is widely used for the short-toothed smoothing harrow.  Others apply it only to the homemade board, log, or brush drag (identified on the map by superior 2, 3, and 4 respectively).  A number of terms with related meanings are given in the commentary.

Notes from University of Georgia Atlas staff (1998-2000):

	Cohen:

As a general policy, responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses. Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages), even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For example, McDavid (especially but not exclusively)often transcribed answers he elicited in response to other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate responses to the question asked on that page and line, they have been designated with (b) or (c) by the fieldworker to indicate that they are not actually responses to the target worksheet items and labeled inappropriate by the editorial staff.  Also, margin notes transcribed in phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered inappropriate responses to the question. 

For item 21#7, there are no inappropriate responses.

	Darwin:

		On Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, "tomorrow," corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1 from the preliminary worksheets, "I says/I said," has no corresponding question in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no response). 

Specifically for page 21 of the later version as listed in Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the following correspondences are noted:  

Handbook	Preliminary Worksheets
----------------------------------
21#P		
21#1a		
21#1b		21#1
21#2		21#2
21#3		21#3
21#4		21#4
21#5		
21#6		21#5
		21#6 (no question)
21#7		21#7
21#8 MP		21#8
