sit down! (cl49#3.asc)

Items
=====
                      come children    1
        come in and get some dinner    1
       Come on and have some dinner    1
  Come on and have something to eat    1
    Come on and take dinner with me    1
      come take some dinner with me    2
                     come to dinner    1
                  come to the table    1
  come to the table; dinner's ready    1
       Come up and have some dinner    3
Come up and have some dinner with us    1
 come, come up and have some dinner    1
                    dinner is ready    1
                            draw up    1
                       have a chair    1
                        have a seat    8
                   I could set here    1
                            join me    1
              make yourself at home    1
                                 NR    3
                    please sit down    1
                      rest yourself    1
                                set    1
                           set down   27
   Set down and have some breakfast    2
      Set down and have some dinner    2
                 Set down to dinner    1
                          set down!    3
                             set up    1
                      set up to the    1
                        setten down    1
                       setten there    2
                                sit    4
                           Sit down    1
                           sit down   17
                       take a chair    1
          take a chair and set down    1
                        take a seat    3
                          to sit on    1
      Walk in have something to eat    1
Walk in, ladies, you welcome to what I got    1
      Walk in. You wish any dinner?    1
                   you all sit down    1
              you want some dinner?    1


Responses which do not correspond to the target responses, those which are
unrelated or irrelevant to the target, are considered inappropriate responses.
Also, answers elicited in response to other questions (some on other pages),
even if they correspond to the target, are considered inappropriate.  For
example, McDavid frequently transcribed answers he elicited in response to
other questions and in general conversation on the page and line which
actually targeted the items.  Even though such items appear to be appropriate
responses to the question asked on that page and line, they are labeled
inappropriate and designated with (b) to indicate that they are not actually
responses to the target worksheet items.  Also, marginalia transcribed in
phonetics, even if the items correspond to target items, are considered
inappropriate responses to the question. 

Notes on Worksheets and Data for Gullah Speakers Interviewed by Turner:

The preliminary worksheets used by Turner for interviews of Gullah speakers in
South Carolina and Georgia (1933) differ somewhat from later versions used by
Lowman, McDavid and Pedersen, both in enumeration and target response.  For
example, page 4, question 2 from Turner's preliminary worksheets, tomorrow,
corresponds to page 4, question 1 of later versions; and page 14, question 1
from the preliminary worksheets, I says/I said, has no corresponding question
in later versions.  This incongruence was alleviated in the data files by the
matching of target responses of the later worksheets to those of the
preliminary versions when it was possible. In cases where there were no
corresponding target responses, Gullah informant data were entered as NR (no
response).  Specifically for this page of the later version as listed in
Handbook of the Linguistic Atlas of the Middle and South Atlantic States, the
following correspondences are noted:  



